c24 translation update (#133)
IllusionMods/KoikatsuTranslation: translation/en/RedirectedResources/assets/abdata/adv/scenario/c24/25/86/translation.txt

// Dumped for Koikatsu v5.1 (CharaStudio) by KK_TextDump v1.4.6.0
//
「私、あなたと付き合う前まで、『エッチすればあなたに好きになってもらえる』って、本気で信じていたんです♡」=“Before we became a couple, I really used to believe that as long as I laid myself on a platter for you and let you have your way with me, you'd love me and stuff♡”

> 「かなり積極的だったし、焦ってたよね」=“You were pretty aggressive, must have been pretty anxious.”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
「かなり積極的だったし、焦ってたよね」=“You were pretty aggressive. You must have been pretty anxious.”
```

「はい♡　今思うと『エッチ』と『好き』の順番が逆だったんです♡　それが恋で、それを学んだのがあなたとのコイカツでした♡」=“Yes♡ If I think about it now, I realize the sex" comes after falling in "love", not before♡ Your club is the thing that taught me the real meaning of love♡”

> 「『エッチ』とか『好き』とか『恋』って、言葉の意味は分かるけど、関係が複雑だよね」=“Words like sex" and "love" and "romance", the meanings look simple on the surface but, the way they tie with each other is complex, isn'tit?”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
「『エッチ』とか『好き』とか『恋』って、言葉の意味は分かるけど、関係が複雑だよね」=“Words like ‘sex’ and ‘love’ and ‘romance’, the meanings look simple on the surface but, the way they tie with each other is complex, isn't it?”
```
